- (BUZZ SAW SCREECHING)
- ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(DOG GROWLING)
(SNARLS. HUFFS)
♪ (MUSIC RISES) ♪
(ZOMBIE SNARLS. GROANS)
♪ (MUSIC INTENSIFIES) ♪
- Hey. Stuart.
- ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
Bert.
Got anything new?
Funny every time.
(PORTAL HISSES. WARBLES)
I think I'm ready to pull
the trigger on Batman 608.
Excellent choice.
What's the trade?
What would you say
to a can of lima beans?
Oh. geez. Bert. come on!
This is near mint.
I could probably get a couple
Dinty Moore Beef Stews for this.
Plus...
cream corn.
- Meh.
- BERT KIBBLER: Okay.
I was saving it for my birthday.
but I guess I'll throw it in.
Fancy Feast.
What flavor?
- Salmon.
- Sold.
- Yay!
- TREVOR: Um. are you crazy?
(SCOFFS) Hawkeye doesn't deserve
to be an Avenger.
Yeah-- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
You do not want to go there.
You got a guy
with a bow and arrow.
and he's supposed to be
on the same team
as a guy
with an arc reactor iron suit
and the literal God of Thunder?
(LAUGHS) What sense
does that even make?
I don't know. I mean... (GRUNTS)
...does this make sense?
- (SCREAMS. GROANS)
- ♪ (UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
I just mopped!
We talked about this. Kyle!
That's strike three!
I'm sorry. okay?
Uh. but you heard him.
Sorry. He started it.
Unbelievable.
- Give me a hand.
- BERT: Oh. yeah.
You know. I feel the same way
about Green Arrow.
Yeah. we all do but you don't
have to kill people.
(PORTAL HISSES. WARBLES)
(SIGHS) Bye!
You ever wonder
where this thing goes?
Nope.
- Probably smart.
- TRAVELER: Stuart.
♪ (INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
We gotta talk.
Shit just got weird.
♪ (THEME SONG PLAYING) ♪
♪ Stuart tries
To reset our lives ♪
♪ But he fails
To save the universe ♪
♪ He's our only chance
And he tries and he tries ♪
♪ But he fails
To save the universe ♪
♪ (CHOIR VOCALIZING) ♪
♪ Stuart fails ♪
♪ (THEME SONG CONCLUDES) ♪
Do you have
an identical twin brother?
- ♪ (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- No.
- Okay. I have two questions.
- Just two?
I've only got a few seconds
to explain this.
so you gotta focus.
- Who are you?
- First question.
I'm you from
another stream of reality.
Well. that answers that.
Second question...
Listen to me.
This apocalyptic nightmare
that you are living in.
it can be avoided.
it never has to happen.
Okay. now I have.
like. six questions.
- He can't be me.
- He looks like you.
Senior prom. Emily Manhart.
peach schnapps.
She was ready to go.
You puked in her lap.
Sounds like you.
At least I went
to my senior prom.
I couldn't go. I had mono.
Please. I don't have
a lot of time.
Leonard Hofstadter.
Sheldon Cooper. Howard Wolowitz.
- Remember them?
- Yeah. real nerds.
Pot-kettle.
- Sure.
- Fair enough.
Anyway. they invented some kind
of quantum entanglement thing.
and you were there
when it malfunctioned.
Both of us or just him?
- Doesn't matter!
- It matters to me.
The point is.
it altered reality.
None of this is supposed to be.
And by none of this.
you mean...?
None of it!
The violence. the devastation.
the dimensional rifts!
- Dimensional rifts!
- Now we know.
None of this is normal.
- Certainly not that!
- The big moth?
(SCOFFS) Yes! Yes! The big moth!
If you turn the lights off.
they don't bother you.
You can put everything right.
You can make it the way it was.
- You just have to find the--
- Hang on.
- Hang on!
- ♪ (INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
If you're me
from another reality.
how can you be in this one?
I don't know.
I'm not a quantum physicist.
I went to the Rhode Island
School of Design.
- I didn't know that.
- Oh. yeah. I have a BFA.
Really? How come
you never did anything with it?
What am I gonna do.
teach high school kids
- how to draw fruit?
- (SIGHS) Guys. please!
The machine is still at Caltech.
Here's what you have to do.
Hang on. let me write this down.
♪ (QUIRKY SUSPENSEFUL
MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
"Cal... "
Oh. shoot!
- What is shaking it gonna do?
- Stop talking and listen.
You know. I might have
a Sharpie. excuse me.
- Listen!
- ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING) ♪
When you get to the machine...
- (GARBLED SPEECH)
- ♪ (MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- Damn it!
- W... What's happening?
I don't know!
I'm going through
some kind of wormhole!
(GROANS)
The important thing is...
(GARBLED SPEECH)
And... And when you find him...
...and that will fix everything.
(WHOOSHING WARBLE)
You get any of that?
- I got the gist.
- ♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
- ♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (DOG BARKING)
(BARKS. GROWLS)
(GROWLS. SNARLS)
- (WANDERER GRUNTS)
- (TEETH CRUNCH)
(DOG WHIMPERS)
Nice catch. Steve!
How is it out there?
It's a little nippy.
Wear layers.
- (DOOR RATTLES)
- (KEYS JANGLING)
Shall we?
(SIGHS) Mm. I don't know.
I'm having second thoughts.
What are you talking about?
We've been given a quest.
Yeah. but. uh.
do we believe that guy?
That guy was you.
That's my point.
When did we start listening
to me?
Maybe we have a chance
to fix the world.
I don't know.
I think it's important
to ask the question.
Is this reality that bad?
(ZOMBIE GROWLS)
(ZOMBIE GROANS)
I think there's room
for improvement.
♪ (FUNKY TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(SCAVENGERS GRUNTING)
What are you doing?
What's it look like?
I'm trying to get us to Caltech.
With a Thomas Guide?
I would've used
the GPS on my iPhone.
but civilization
seemed to have collapsed.
- (RAT SQUEALS. CHOMPS)
- PENN: Ow!
Check it out.
♪ (JAUNTY CARNIVAL MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS) ♪
- Juggling two-- (YELPS)
- (RAT CHOMPS)
Juggling two starving
feral creatures.
as. uh. you can see.
is not difficult. but...
- (RATS SQUEALING. CHOMPING)
- (GROANS)
...juggling three is... (GRUNTS)
...profoundly stupid. Ow!
(GRUNTS)
I saw them in Vegas.
- Such a fun night.
- Oh.
You know who I loved in Vegas
and I didn't think I would?
- Huh?
- Celine Dion.
Mm. Oh. I'm sorry.
- (RATS SQUEALING)
- (PENN GRUNTS. GROANS)
Oh. all right.
- (RAT CHOMPS)
- (GROANS) Yeah.
(GRUNTS)
(EXHALES)
Thank you!
- We are Penn and Teller...
- (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
...and we'll be here
until we're dead!
- (RATS SQUEALING)
- (PENN GRUNTS)
- (FLIES BUZZING)
- ♪ (DARK TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(PORTAL HISSES. WARBLES)
- Moth.
- (CROWD GASPING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Oh. my God. look. Floss.
BERT: Just hurry.
It's getting dark.
STUART BLOOM: Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Excuse me. uh. how much
for a foot of floss?
- Mint or regular?
- Uh. let me get the regular.
VENDOR: Oh.
♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (INTRIGUING MUSICAL STING) ♪
Thank you.
Oh. yeah. look at that.
Can't put a price
on healthy gums.
Oh! Oh. this feels so good.
Go easy. We're sharing that.
(GUN COCKS)
Not a good sound.
Stuart?
Denise?
I thought you were dead.
(CHUCKLES)
- I thought you were dead!
- Aw!
So. what have you been up to?
Robbing mostly.
Still working on my screenplay.
- Oh. good for you.
- Yeah. How have you been?
- Okay. Still got the store.
- Oh. that's great.
What's going on?
Don't worry. Gary.
I know these guys.
So. we're not robbing.
we're not killing?
What are we doing?
DENISE: You remember
I mentioned Stuart?
Oh. sure. How's it going? Gary.
Hi.
So. are you two...?
You gotta remember.
I thought you were dead.
Yeah. no. right. right. yeah.
Funny story. actually. uh.
Gary was seeing my friend Lisa.
Oh. nice girl. Yeah. Jewish.
Yeah. and anyway. Lisa got eaten
by cannibals in Sherman Oaks.
- Oh. no.
- DENISE: Mm-hmm.
Human meat isn't kosher.
but I guess that only matters
if the cannibals
are also Jewish.
Anyway. we. um. you know.
comforted each other.
The lady has skills. am I right?
Well...
To be honest. I mostly focused
on my own performance.
Anyway. uh. we gotta go.
Yeah. Caltech. We're on a quest.
- ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- There's no more Caltech.
What's left of it
is a death trap.
We don't have a choice.
Yeah. an alternate version of me
came from another universe
and explained
how I can undo the apocalypse.
It was really cool.
An alternate version of you?
Yeah. same pasty face
and same whiny voice.
It was like looking in a mirror.
- Well. good luck.
- ♪ (MUSIC TURNS DARING) ♪
- Yeah. nice to see you.
- Yeah. you too.
Have fun with
the... looting and stuff.
Ciao.
(GARY SIGHS)
They're gonna die.
Oh. yeah.
♪ (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
STUART: Oh. that looks bad.
Because of all the guns?
Yes. because of all the guns.
♪ (DARING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Denise. what are you doing?
Trying to keep you alive.
I don't care about your life.
I'm just hoping
to get laid tonight.
- Gary.
- Oh. uh...
- Very kind.
- Thank you.
- What's your plan?
- No. I don't really have one.
I'm kind of new
to the action genre.
All right.
here's how we do this.
I'll create a distraction
at the main gate.
The three of you
cut around to the side
- where the trucks are going in.
- Yeah. then what?
When the trucks stop.
you roll under them.
grab the undercarriage.
and ride on in.
You. sir. have done this before.
Well. back in the day.
I was Army Special Forces.
Cool. I was a geologist.
- We ready?
- Yeah.
Uh... (STAMMERS) Hang on.
So... so. roll. run. grab?
Run. roll. grab.
Sorry. more of a visual learner.
On three. One. two. three!
♪ (HEROIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(GUNSHOTS)
- Oh. my God. Gary!
- ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
- SOLDIER 1: Don't move!
- SOLIDER 2: Hands in the air!
- (SOLDIERS SHOUTING)
- ♪ (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Tell them about
the alternate version of you.
Shush!
(GASPS. SOBBING)
Oh. my gosh. Gary.
It's terrible. Just terrible.
But you know what?
You... you're gonna
find somebody else.
Maybe sooner than you think.
Get in there!
♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
- Oh. wow!
- STUART: What?
BERT: This used to be
my Geology classroom.
I opened
so many young minds here.
WANDERER: Can you keep it down?
Raj?
♪ (UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Maybe. Possibly.
Who wants to know?
Raj. it's me. Stuart.
from the comic book store.
♪ (INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Stuart?
Yes. and... and Bert Kibbler.
You know Bert?
- Bert?
- STUART: And Denise.
Remember Denise?
(CHUCKLES DELIRIOUSLY)
This isn't real.
(STAMMERS) This is...
this is a hallucination!
No. No. no. no.
We're here. It's real.
That's kind of what
a hallucination would say.
♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
What are you doing here?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm in a locked room.
I haven't changed
my underwear in years.
and I crap in a bucket!
So. you're like a prisoner?
I rode an elephant to my wedding
and now I crap in a bucket!
Congratulations.
Uh. on the wedding thing.
Yeah. a moth ate her.
Anyway. I-- I... I've had time
to... to...
to figure it all out.
and there's definitely
something wrong
with this reality.
See? I-- I prove it
here and here.
and the numbers. they don't lie.
- So. you were telling the truth?
- You didn't believe me?
That an alternate version of you
told you how to save
the universe?
No. not for a minute. (SCOFFS)
- Pay attention!
- ♪ (INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Leonard. Sheldon. and Howard.
They built a vari-state
quantum interference device.
That would have been my guess.
RAJ KOOTHRAPPALI:
It malfunctioned.
and it changed
everything. right?
The universe. uh. history...
(WHISPERS) ...reality.
Yeah. yeah. great.
How... How do we fix it?
Yeah. that's a toughie.
Why you ask?
(PANTS) Wait. did you ask?
I assume you ask.
It's a toughie
because we're all prisoners
- of the Evil One.
- ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
And the Evil One
likes everything
to stay just...
(WHISPERS) ...as it is.
Who's the Evil One?
(GROANS)
I can't say his name!
If I say his name.
bad things happen.
(STUART SIGHS)
Sorry. is it Voldemort?
I wish it was Voldemort.
That's a guy
you can reason with.
But-- (GRUNTS)
If we got to the device.
you could
really reset the universe?
Bing. bang. boom!
But it's hopeless!
That device. it's surrounded
by armed guards. 24/7!
No. it's not hopeless.
The alternate me said
that I'm the chosen one
who'll set things right.
- ♪ (UPLIFTING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- He didn't say "chosen."
Well. he implied "chosen."
Boy. I did not get that at all.
- ♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- All kneel...
- (WHIMPERS)
- ...for the Grand Caliph
of South Pasadena.
Flintridge. and Monrovia!
The Supreme Ruler
of the San Gabriel Valley!
I'm not kneeling for anybody!
(GASPS) Okay. yeah. Mm-hmm.
♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(WITH RHOTACISM)
Hello. pwisoners.
- Kripke?
- Ward Kripke.
Not Ward. "Word."
♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
- What... What'd I say?
- You said "Ward." and--
This is The Evil One?
(CHUCKLES) Barry Kripke?
He's sorry. Please.
He doesn't know. Show him mercy.
Mercy? I am nothing
if not merciful.
Troubadours sing of my mercy!
You mind if we stand up?
No one stands
before Ward Kripke.
Okay. wast time.
it's "Word." not "Ward."
Uh. go ahead.
stand. doesn't matter.
With all due respect. my liege.
how is it that you're the...
the grand...
- Cawiph.
- ...Caliph of South Pasadena?
(SIGHS) I suppose we have time
for a wittle backstory.
Uh. I apologize.
You guys have heard this before.
Uh. when everything went screwy
and civilization
as we know it cowapsed.
a vacuum of weadership
was created
here at the university.
and as we all know...
(HESITATES) Nature abhors
a vacuum?
Wight-o.
So. I seized power.
got all the food.
the guns. and the girls.
Yeah. end of backstory.
But this world
is a living nightmare.
Don't you wanna
put things right?
Were you not wistening?
I... I got all the girls.
(CHUCKLES) By the way. uh...
uh. are you...
you seeing anyone or...?
- She's with me.
- No. I'm not.
(IN SINGSONG)
I-- I'm trying to protect you.
Hmm.
Take the wench. wash her.
bring her to my woom.
- (SCOFFS) I'd rather die!
- I understand.
Wash her and kill her.
- What? No!
- Uh. no. no. no.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
- What are you doing? Let go!
- Hands off!
- Let me go! Get off of me!
- Hands off! Hey. hey! Hey!
- ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (LOUD THUD)
- ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
BERT: (ECHOING)
Stuart. please come back.
(ECHOING) Oh. move
towards the light!
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYS. FADES) ♪
No.
Come on. wake up.
I've got an idea.
(GASPS) Uh. what--
Denise. Where's Denise?
They took her.
No. no! No. no. no. no!
(STAMMERS)
I have to do something!
Or...
Or what?
You move on.
you meet someone new.
and they get eaten by a moth
on your honeymoon.
Excuse me. I have an idea.
Go ahead.
Like I said. this used to be
my Geology classroom.
It's filled with all kinds
of rock samples.
So. we're gonna throw rocks
at men with guns?
'Cause if you don't know.
rock beats scissors. not gun.
We're not gonna throw rocks.
We're gonna make bombs
out of them.
- What?
- Behold.
Potassium.
And some water.
Everybody needs
to step back a little. please.
(CHUCKLES HEARTILY)
Cool. huh?
Yeah. if the guards
are taking a bath.
No. We're gonna make grenades.
♪ (INSPIRING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
How come
I never thought of that?
Don't be hard on yourself.
Most people underestimate
the mighty force
that is geology.
♪ (MENACING MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(DOOR LOCK CLICKS)
Sorry. fellas. Time to die.
Agreed. Catch.
What the...?
- I love you!
- I love you too.
Let's go!
♪ ("SABOTAGE"
BY BEASTIE BOYS PLAYING) ♪
♪ I can't stand it ♪
(SOLDIER 1 SCREAMS. GRUNTS)
- ♪ I know you planned it ♪
- (SOLDIER 1 GROANS)
♪ I'm gonna set it straight
This Watergate ♪
♪ I can't stand rockin'
When I'm in here ♪
(SOLDIER 2 GROANS)
♪ 'Cause your crystal ball
Ain't so crystal clear ♪
(SOLDIER 3 GROANS)
♪ I got this fucking thorn
In my side ♪
(SOLDIERS GROAN)
♪ Oh. my God. it's a mirage
I'm tellin' y'all ♪
- ♪ It's a sabotage ♪
- (SOLDIER 4 SCREAMS. GROANS)
♪ Listen all. y'all
It's a sabotage... ♪
(SOLDIER 5 SCREAMS. GROANS)
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(SOLDIERS SCREAM)
♪ (SONG CONCLUDES) ♪
So. what were you
in the before times?
- No talking.
- Come on. I'm gonna die anyway.
I had a podcast.
Vitamins. gut health.
- Nice.
- I had Gwyneth Paltrow on.
Oh. my God.
I think I heard that.
No. how a good gut biome
prevents dementia.
- Yes!
- (LAUGHS) Yeah.
Thank you! That's exactly--
- (KNOCKING ON DOOR)
- It was so good. Yeah.
Well. my dear.
have you changed your mind?
Is the choice still
sex with you or death?
Wook. I'm not a monster.
I'm just proposing
we. uh. have a nice dinner.
watch a movie. see what unfolds.
- Kill me.
- (SIGHS) Give us a minute.
Wook. (SIGHS) Being the ruler
of a post-apocalyptic fiefdom
can be...
(INHALES. SIGHS) ...very wonely.
What about your harem?
Those girls
don't really care about me.
They're just here for the food.
medicine. free childcare.
♪ (GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
You know what?
Fine. I will have dinner
with you.
- Oh. wonderful. (CHUCKLES)
- You'll have to untie me first.
A real relationship
is built on trust.
That has to start now.
Okay. (CHUCKLES)
Ooh. hey. you wike venison?
- Mm.
- I make it with a cherwy gwaze.
The key is low-heat weduction.
- (GRUNTS)
- (GROANS)
- ♪ (GROOVY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (GROANS. COUGHS)
- You are a stupid. stupid...
- (GROANS)
...stupid. stupid. stupid man!
(SCREAMS. GRUNTS)
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
(EXHALES SHARPLY. SIGHS)
- (PANTS)
- ♪ (QUIRKY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Stay healthy.
You too!
♪ (SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (PANTS)
- DENISE: Stuart!
Oh. I'm so glad you're okay.
I'm so glad you're okay.
- (SOBS)
- (GRUNTS)
- Uh. oh. sorry.
- DENISE: Oh!
I'm covered with people.
(MOCKINGLY)
Yeah. everybody's okay.
- Let's go!
- ♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(SOLDIERS SCREAM)
Thank God for geology!
I do every day.
- ♪ (MUSIC TURNS SUSPENSEFUL) ♪
- STUART: There it is.
Oh. really? It looks like
one of those bread machines
from Williams Sonoma.
It's a vari-state
quantum interference device!
Mm. Could be both.
- Can you fix it?
- Yes. I think so.
- (DEVICE RUMBLES)
- Oh. calibration is off.
- Gotta reconfigure.
- (DEVICE BEEPS)
Change the inputs.
BERT: What's supposed
to happen?
- (DEVICE CHIRPS. HUMS)
- Does everything just go back
to the way it was?
Yeah. fingers crossed.
That would mean you and I
would be together again.
Slow down. champ.
I'm still grieving.
STUART: Hmm. hmm.
- I think I got it!
- ♪ (TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(GROANS)
- (BODY THUDS)
- He don't got it.
Barry. what did you do?
We're trying
to fix the universe!
(CHUCKLES)
I don't want it fixed!
I wike it the way it is.
We don't.
- ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (BARRY KRIPKE GROANS)
Raj. talk to me. buddy!
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
I'm okay. I'm okay.
(GROANS) Maybe not.
- STUART: (GASPS. EXCLAIMS) Raj?
- (GROANS WEAKLY)
Ow!
- (BERT GRUNTS)
- (GROANS)
W... What do we do?
How do we fix the machine?
- ♪ (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- Oh. look!
It's my grandmother. Ambulu.
beckoning me to join her!
Ca-- Can... Can she
wait a minute?
- (GROANS)
- Apparently not.
- (WHIMPERS)
- DENISE: Okay.
- (BERT GRUNTS)
- Ow! Ow!
STUART: What do we do?
What do we do?
Uh... (STAMMERS)
Set the impedance
- to point seven.
- (STAMMERS) The what?
- DENISE: Yeah. right here.
- STUART: Ah. ah!
(CHOKES)
(WHIMPERS) Okay. uh...
- Uh. disengage the attenuator.
- Okay. (STAMMERS) Mm...
(STRAINS) Ow.
- (DEVICE DINGS)
- Okay.
Turn the main release.
(STUART WHIMPERS)
- (GRUNTS)
- (BERT GROANS)
Uh...
(DEVICE CHIMES. ROARS)
- Done!
- But first...
"But first"?
What do you mean "but first"?
- Oh. oh!
- (GASPS)
(DEVICE RUMBLES. ROARS)
Uh... This is upsetting!
(WHIMPERS)
- Should it be glowing?
- (DEVICE BEEPS)
(DRONING WARBLE)
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
- (WHOOSHING WARBLE)
- (ECHOING SCREAMS)
♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (MUSIC TURNS EERIE) ♪
Bert. stop.
♪ (MUSIC STOPS) ♪
(DISTANT BIRDS CHIRPING)
No zombies. no moths.
(DISTANT CHATTER)
No apocalypse.
- (EXCITED CHATTER)
- ♪ (CHEERFUL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
- It worked.
- (BIRDS CHIRPING)
Look how beautiful.
Wats. my weign has ended.
Hey. your bruises are gone.
Oh. yeah.
You wook good.
I mean... for you.
- Where's Denise?
- I don't know.
I can't lose her again.
Don't worry. she's out there.
and we'll find her.
Everything's back to normal.
♪ (FUNKY EERIE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (MUSIC BUILDS. FADES) ♪
♪ ("SHINY HAPPY PEOPLE"
BY R.E.M. PLAYING) ♪
♪ Shiny happy people laughing ♪
♪ (SINGERS SCATTING) ♪
♪ Shiny happy people
Holding hands ♪
♪ Shiny happy people laughing ♪
♪ Shiny happy people
Holding hands ♪
♪ Shiny happy people laughing ♪
♪ Shiny happy people ♪
- ♪ Holding hands ♪
- ♪ Happy people ♪
- ♪ People ♪
- ♪ Shiny happy people laughing ♪
♪ (SONG CONCLUDES) ♪